Low-mass Main Sequence
======================

Project directory for a model of zero-age, fully convective, low-mass main sequence stars.

Contents
--------

1. `README.md`: this file
2. `adiabat.py`: Computes the density and temperature along an adiabat
  given the central pressure, density, and temperature,
  as well as a the respective pressure
3. `astro_const.py`: Series of useful constants which are used trough out the code
4. `eos.py`: Calculates the equation of state for various masses, temperatures, and pressures
5. `nuc_rate.py`:Computes the nuclear reaction rate for various temperatures and     pressure
6. `ode.py`: Numerical systems by which we integrate over our system of ODEs.
7. `rad_finder.py`: Equates surface luminosity to nuclear luminosity to find the ZAMS radius
8. `run_test.py`: Runs a test of the main codes
9. `structure.py`: Systems of stellar structure for which we integrate over.
10. `Teff.py`: Calculates the effective temperature for a given fraction of mass.
11. `exercise9.py`: Calculates the Luminosity and Central Temperature vs the effective temperature for a fully convective star of 0.1 to 0.3 Solar masses.
12. `exercise10.py`: Plots the central temperature and Luminosity for a 0.3 Solar mass start
13.`Plots Folder`: Contains all the plots that are generated by the exercise Plots

Report/closeout
---------------

1. Use the `wiki` for this repository to write a report of your findings. Make sure you address all the questions in the instructions in your report.
2. Modify this README file by replacing these instructions with your  instructions on how to run the code.
3. Post a message on your team's Slack channel `@Dylan Mankel` and `@Edward Brown` or DM us when you are ready to have your code reviewed.

Resources
---------

Coding standards and the grading rubric are posted on D2L.
